what's up guys nadie got a few new cool
things to show you got a hold of some
more files ones and they're both I think
they're both nicholson files maybe not
the top one I know for sure is this one
actually might not be but um got holding
some more files and I said to practice
my grinding and stuff both hollow ground
this one I got they're both really nice
and thin there about 20,000 on the edges
of now these are still hardened as were
i'm going to throw them in a temper oven
or in the oven for you know an hour at
350 and temper and back a little bit
because it might be still a little bit
hard to bring this hand groove back a
bit but on this one is super light
because i took so much metal off just
really nice thin hollow grind you'll get
a good view of that it's not perfectly
even all the way down you can see but
that's what i'm working on that's why i
got a bunch of these i'm going to get a
bunch more really get my grinding where
I wanted to be with this thing's really
light and fast in the hand yeah going to
lengthen down this group a little more
but i think i'm going to leave the try
to leave the logos exposed on the file
so you can see what it is but this one
was a bitch and i really had a lot of
fun doing it now that's a filthy lie it
was it was fun for a while and then it
got obnoxious decided to try a multi
grind tanto thing hollow right here and
then flat for the tip and they're pretty
much even at least the top of the round
part is
it's ever so slightly uneven on the
spine as you can see but right here and
right there are just about even could
take it back a little bit but I really
just don't want to touch it again
because every time i go back to try to
make it perfect and I just fuck it up a
bunch so it's a this the hollow grind is
a a 165 Gator belt finished with the
scotch brite and the flats or 120 grit
finished with the scouts right and i
think it's just absolutely gorgeous kind
of hard to get with the lighting that's
now it's kind of a kind of a cloudy day
right now so pretty good lighting
supposedly for knives but this one's
just really hard to get good lighting on
so I thought I would do a video instead
this one's just going to get a straight
handle like this Japanese tanto or not
Japanese well kind of i mean the shape
is like a traditional japanese tanto but
the grind is like a lump tonto how he
always did his but this is the first
time i tried anything like this and i'm
really happy with how it turned out like
grind lines are like spot-on plunges are
pretty even so does a little bit of
waiver to the grind line but i'm just
super happy with it overall this is
going to be awesome nice nice ample
handle they're really just awesome I
think this thing's going to turn out
amazingly well and since these are all
hardened already just need to temper
them a bit and I have carbide bits to
drill with I'm going to get some
correctly sized ones with my mil
drilling hardened steel is not a problem
at all so I'm gonna going to finish
these up I think this one will probably
get a wood handle possibly a wood sheet
to go with it we'll see but they'll be
up on gear Bastion when they're finished
and I have more files and I'm going to
be getting a bunch more because i found
i put up a craigslist ad
and I got like four emails of people
with with files and I offered them a
dollar apiece for all their mill
bastards and people are down so gonna
get a bunch of files and yeah this is a
quite large they you know probably over
a foot foot overall you know yeah gonna
be great lots more coming guys peace